Documentation changes in installation and tutorial (#315)
arlonproj/arlon: docs/concepts.md

A cluster spec contains desired settings when creating a new cluster.
They currently include:

- API Provider: the cluster orchestration technology. Supported values are `CAPI` (Cluster API) and `xplane` (Crossplane)
- Cloud Provider: the infrastructure cloud provider. The currently supported values is `aws`, with `gcp` and `azure` support coming later.
- Type: the cluster type. Some API providers support more than one type. On `aws` cloud, Cluster API supports `kubeadm` and `eks`, whereas Crossplane only supports `eks`.
- The (worker) node instance type
- The initial (worker) node count
- The Kubernetes version

## Base cluster

> To know more about basecluster (Arlon gen2 clusters), read it [here](https://github.com/arlonproj/arlon/blob/main/docs/baseclusters.md)

Reviewer: Can we link to the baseclusters page instead of going to the repository. I think the content is identical.

Author: Done

## Base cluster

> To know more about basecluster (Arlon gen2 clusters), read it [here](https://arlon.readthedocs.io/en/main/baseclusters)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To know more about basecluster (Arlon gen2 clusters), read it [here](./baseclusters.md)
```
